# Drug reviews play a very significant role in providing crucial medical care information for both healthcare professionals and consumers. A side effect is usually regarded as an undesirable secondary effect which occurs in addition to the desired therapeutic effect of a drug or medication. Side effects may vary for each individual depending on the person’s disease state, age, weight, gender, ethnicity and general health. All medicines can cause side effects, including prescription, over-the-counter and complementary medicines. Complementary medicines include herbal preparations, vitamins, and some products dispensed by naturopaths and other practitioners of complementary medicine.
# Although many side effects are anticipated and accepted by doctors and patients, particularly if medicines are being used to treat life-threatening conditions, adverse drug reactions place a significant burden on the country’s healthcare system. Side effects of the drugs need to be addressed as it helps companies perceive how the customers are perceiving the product and to make changes according to user satisfaction and help them grow.
# The main objective of this project is to build a classification model that classifies the side effects of a drug by age, gender, race, condition, drug and effectiveness. By creating this model, it helps the pharmaceutical companies to stay away from compounds in the drug development pipeline that are likely to have side effects in a lot of patients and also helps the physicians to decide whether the drugs need to be prescribed or not as it shields vulnerable patients from the nasty side effects based on their age, race and gender. 
